New integration for cert-manager (#507)
DataDog/integrations-extras: cert_manager/README.md

# Agent Check: cert_manager

## Overview

> This check collects metrics from [cert-manager][1] .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check collects metrics from [cert-manager][1].
```

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][2] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

To install the cert_manager check on your host:

1. Install the [developer toolkit][3].

> 2. Clone the integrations-extras repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Clone the `integrations-extras` repository:
```

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras.git.
    ```

3. Update your `ddev` config with the `integrations-extras/` path:

    ```
    ddev config set extras ./integrations-extras
    ```

4. To build the `cert_manager` package, run:

    ```
    ddev -e release build cert_manager
    ```

> 5. [Download the manifest to install the Datadog agent as a Daemonset][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Download the manifest to install the Datadog Agent as a DaemonSet][4].
```

> 5. [Download the manifest to install the Datadog Agent as a DaemonSet][4].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. [Download the Agent manifest to install the Datadog Agent as a DaemonSet][4].
```

> 6. Create two PersistentVolumeClaim, one for the checks code, one for the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Create two `PersistentVolumeClaim`s: one for the checks code, and one for the configuration.
```

> 7. Add them as volumes to your agent pod template and use them for your checks and configuration as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Add them as volumes to your Agent pod template and use them for your checks and configuration:
```

   ```
        env:
          - name: DD_CONFD_PATH
            value: "/confd"
          - name: DD_ADDITIONAL_CHECKSD
            value: "/checksd"
      [...]
        volumeMounts:
          - name: agent-code-storage 
            mountPath: /checksd
          - name: agent-conf-storage 
            mountPath: /confd
      [...]
      volumes:
        - name: agent-code-storage
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: agent-code-claim
        - name: agent-conf-storage
          persistentVolumeClaim:
            claimName: agent-conf-claim
    ```

> 8. Deploy the Datadog agent in your Kubernetes cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Deploy the Datadog Agent in your Kubernetes cluster:
```

   ```
   kubectl apply -f agent.yaml
   ```

9. Copy the integration artifact .whl file to your Kubernetes nodes or upload it to a public URL

10. Run the following command to install the integrations wheel with the Agent:

   ```
   kubectl exec $(kubectl get pods -l app=datadog-agent -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') -- agent integration install -w <PATH_OF_CERT_MANAGER_ARTIFACT_>/<CERT_MANAGER_ARTIFACT_NAME>.whl
   ```

11. Run the following commands to copy the checks and configuration to the corresponding PVCs:

```
kubectl exec $(kubectl get pods -l app=datadog-agent -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') -- cp -R /opt/datadog-agent/embedded/lib/python2.7/site-packages/datadog_checks/* /checksd
kubectl exec $(kubectl get pods -l app=datadog-agent -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}') -- cp -R /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/* /confd

> ```

Reviewer: this needs to be indented, or the numbered list markdown will break

> 12. Restart the Datadog agent pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Restart the Datadog Agent pods.
```

### Configuration

> 1. Edit the `cert_manager.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your cert_manager performance data. See the [sample cert_manager.d/conf.yaml][5] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `cert_manager.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `/confd` folder that you added to the Agent pod to start collecting your cert_manager performance data. See the [sample cert_manager.d/conf.yaml][5] for all available configuration options.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 2. [Restart the Agent][6].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][7] and look for `cert_manager` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][8] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

`cert_manager.prometheus.health`:

> Returns CRITICAL if the Agent fails to connect to the prometheus endpoint, otherwise returns UP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns CRITICAL if the Agent fails to connect to the Prometheus endpoint, otherwise returns UP.
```

### Events

cert_manager does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][9].

[1]: https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/autodiscovery/integrations
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/new_check_howto/#developer-toolkit
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/kubernetes/daemonset_setup/?tab=k8sfile
[5]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/cert_manager/datadog_checks/cert_manager/data/conf.yaml.example

> [6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/?tab=agentv6#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
```

> [7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/?tab=agentv6#agent-status-and-information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
```
